Add getConsVals (#1033)
scipopt/PySCIPOpt: CHANGELOG.md

- Added addMatrixConsIndicator(), and tests
- Added SCIPvarMarkRelaxationOnly, SCIPvarIsRelaxationOnly, SCIPvarMarkDeletable, SCIPvarIsDeletable, and tests
- Wrapped SCIPgetNLPBranchCands

> - Added getConsVals() and generalized getLhs() as well as getRhs() for linear type constraints
> - Generalized getRhs() to use SCIPconsGetRhs(), same for getLhs().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added getConsVals() to get coefficients of any linear type constraint
- Generalized getLhs() and getRhs() to additionally support any linear type constraint
```
